Welcome to AV testing podcast your modern testing podcast your hosts Alan and
Brent will be here to guide you through topics on testing leadership agile and
anything else that comes to mind now on with the show good morning Brent it is
a Sunday good morning Alex did you say Alex no Alex is your kid this is this is
the father and son podcast I am your father Brent you know I'd longtime
listeners will recall at one time I looked at my 23andMe report and it said
I had a relative like a distant relative named Brent J and we were afraid for a
minute but we found out that we are not related although given the obvious
way that 23andMe can detect exactly but you know given that we're both obviously
very northern European I'm sure at some point at some point one of our ancestors
probably killed the other one no okay well maybe maybe but not without
contributing to the gene pool first alright you're gonna need to sit up
and not quite go into total relaxation mode but we I'm gonna blame Rivers but
actually I'm gonna blame me because Riverside's been rock solid for us and
for some reason Brent and I tried to record on Friday he showed up I showed
up and either I showed up right after he left because I was like one or two
minutes late at the most or something didn't connect something was weird but
I'm gonna blame me so we are here doing our re-recording I'm gonna let you know
what I did on Friday because it was it was an attempt at something that I will
never try again I thought you know what you didn't even know Brent doesn't
Brent doesn't know what happened I thought you know what I listen to a lot
of podcasts I thought you know what I've been doing this for 200 and some
episodes I can do this on my own I can record a podcast on my own and I
attempted to do it and I was able to finish about 15 minutes that's all out of
things to say because I had no one to inspire me or give me dumb things to make
fun of and I thought about just releasing it I thought you know what I
have enough embarrassing things in my life that I am NOT going to do this so
it is sitting the mp3 I got as far as making the mp3 it's off my computer it
will never be released but the topics two of them I have one which you may not
be able to discuss in which case I will give my monologue again that I
recorded on Friday and one sort of a question for you and for the listeners
and probably other stuff going on anyway that's the topic stuff but we haven't
done the shenanigans portion of the podcast yet so Brent what's new in your
world anything new and exciting anything fun coming up any enjoying the I don't
know weather seafare Seattle stuff like what's going on man yeah yeah the parade
was yesterday normally I am able to tell the seafarers happening because right
really loud ancient aircraft I think they come next weekend I think it's a
sea-fare week so that the parade was yesterday there's a whole week of stuff
and there's loud boats on the lake and loud airplanes overhead that's all coming
up have you ever gone to watch the hydroplane races no never I ever in my
life did that once it was exciting and I think once is enough all right yeah yeah
cool man the biggest new thing is yeah oh you mentioned that yay you know yeah I
just re-orged my team as well wait they don't know it yet crap good good thing
they don't listen but I tell them all the time and I'll get back to your story
minute this podcast is really about me why you're here because I need you but
as as you know see prior my life I think to me and I believe in this story and
I try and convince people of this you reorg because you're adapting to change
and we should always adapt to change priorities change you get better the
goal of a reorg is on the other side to end up being more productive and
efficient for your customers but it's maybe yours didn't work out that way what
kind of fun story it remains to be seen right so I'll put it this way either in
my view you either reorg to go on offense which is my sort of
interpretation of what you were saying right or you reorg to gain efficiencies
right and Microsoft like the efficiency motto would be you know the elimination
of duplication of work right there is an opportunity for it to be the former
right now as best as I can tell it is absolutely the latter so we'll see what
happens I think there is also and you're a long way from the microphone again I
think there is also defensive reorg and I'll give you an example of this when I
if you remember back to I worked at a company called unity for quite a while I
had a very large documentation org reporting to me for a while they just
for many many very good reasons great folks before I left as we were going
through rounds and rounds of layoffs rather than half and there's lots of
advantages having a central org it's all central versus federated things
central versus federated so I had a central org of a bunch of dock riders and
I was trying to protect their jobs so I reorg to them back into the product
units it's a lot harder to lay off onesie twosie writers who are in a team
that needs documentation than it is to look at an org of 50 people and go
yeah we can cut 10 or 20 percent off of that so you can do a defensive reorg as
well maybe that's offensive maybe it's defensive I don't know I don't know how
well it worked I didn't I didn't put tracking tags on everyone to see where
they ended up but that was yeah I still think there was a strategy there yeah
that that actually is an excellent strategy like I was sharing with one of
my peers the other day right this general tendency you mentioned make
centralized or federated and to me it is it is constantly a pendulum that is just
swinging back and forth and adds in sort of a hamster wheel style infinite loop
yeah and I could I could go into the history of it but I don't know that well
we have it a more important thing to talk about yeah you can't talk about but
I guess the thing I say is what I've settled on is a central org versus fully
federated and I really believe it's the it's the central government and
Federation or the satellite model or the hub and spoke you have like for the
last 10 years or so I've led platform engineering dev productivity whatever you
want to call it central orgs that help people deliver their software better what
I found and even at Unity this was true is as an organization gets complex and
they have specific needs having folks embedded in the org with that expertise
to help them with maybe a complicated CI pipeline or complicated deployment
strategy is actually a really good way to work as long as they're connected
well as long as it isn't completely disconnected I think having the central
org is good for general things but having a little bit of specialty within
those orgs is beneficial as well I I have a variant of that that I think it's a
variant of it that that I have found works right the problem with central orgs
if you do not pay attention to them they very quickly try to in order in order to
scale they end up being platform place and and they provide a platform and they
don't really care about how people use it because right there they're the
platform and and they'll analyze and they'll realize oh these are the things
that we need that will solve 80% of everyone's problem of course it doesn't
solve a hundred percent of anyone's problem and so then that starts creating
conflict between the central org and their consumer sure and in a central org like
this the beginning of the end of the central org is when they stop evaluating
whether or not their customers are intrinsically motivated to continue to
use absolutely they might be they might be extrinsically motivated there's
always you know threats from God the executive says you must do this or you'll
come up and why blah blah I think with any sort of organization you can there
are traps around that you can fall into but yeah absolutely successful
whatever you want to call the orgs are successful because they they care
about well accelerating the achievement of quality right and they and they listen
to their customers they engage with the customers to try and solve customer
problems where I really see these teams fail is when they go to the field of
dreams approach I'm gonna build a thing everybody use it and which goes back to
the pop and die thing even it's true for external customers as well as internal
customers they don't want software they don't want you to build something for
them they want their problem solved right so it's just like delivering a product
to a customer if once you cease to care about the customer then your your path
to failure is quick right and rightfully so I would say okay there's some so
speaking of speaking of customers some things some things that we have like
you speaking of customers speaking of customers I'm gonna transition into a
topic here that I don't know if you can talk about and didn't ask you ahead of
time but I'm gonna talk about it and you can be very quiet if you need to be so I
would like to talk for a bit about CrowdStrike okay and you you can
contribute as much or as little as you want giving your situation because I
think CrowdStrike made a mistake a learnable mistake and probably a
careless mistake and given what I read so far but also given my actually go
ahead and say I'll okay but given my experience and my thoughts on this my
opinion is that Microsoft takes a huge amount of the blame here as well and
windows at least let me tell you why let me tell you the reflections that went
through my head as I started learning more about this as I was getting
bombarded last Friday with how many windows machines are affected all of them
how many is that this many how many are not all I don't know it's not all of them
almost all of them okay all of them that use CrowdStrike for security yes which
included all of our windows VMs run on the cloud which is a pain in the butt
to go fix so anyway all of okay all of your yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and
anyway but yes people know about this they're going to fix it so let me go
back in time a long time ago I've written Windows drivers I wrote a Windows
driver for I'm very familiar with the model I wrote a code coverage driver for
Xbox one that allowed code coverage to run from the moment the system booted
gave me code coverage on almost every single binary in the system which was
really cool so I'm familiar with how that works that's all great but even
going back farther that was mere 10 years ago 20 years ago maybe longer ago
I actually wrote some some tests that went into Windows hardware quality labs
also known as wiggle and the idea is and Microsoft got really smart in the
old days of Windows bad drivers would crash the whole system people would
freak out sorry for the history lesson here Brent you know all this they moved
some drivers into user mode which was great but one thing we found out talking
to the wiggle guys back in the day was they would get a driver for I'll just
say a video card for example maybe a very popular one and in those days you
know benchmarks were everything people want to see the benchmarks on the
video card so the driver would come into wiggle it would pass all of its tests it
would go out to the market and pass all tests to get signed and the and the idea
behind signing is that binary that was tested was the exact same binary that
went on to customer machines so this binary go out into the wild and
benchmarks would be fantastic but it would start crashing at you're not like
every boot or anything but at frequent rates that were never not seen at all in
the wiggle testing and it turns out that there was a nice little workaround
vendors are very good at finding these work around in the system what this
particular vendor did was they had a registry setting that was set during
installation to consumer devices that enabled that driver to run different
code paths and ran in the wiggle setting so essentially with a different
binary but it was binary compatible so it was signed and it was all good
20 years ago Microsoft was good with that and I don't know if if a Microsoft
exec was yelling at a for example Nvidia exec at the time about this but it was
never stopped if you look at what happened with CrowdStrike their driver
didn't change they updated a channel file configuration file a file with some
code in it that the driver executed error checking wasn't sufficient and
reading that code caused systems to crash so I would say for 20 years now
Microsoft has of course yeah yeah yeah because there was no code there but
Microsoft has been pretty lenient around letting people work around the
work around all the work they've done to make the kernel more stable they've
done that then there's been a very high trust to do no harm enabling from
Microsoft to enable people to do things like this and again with good
intent and trust like they got to get these channel files out faster than
something can get through testing and signings yet with that trust should come
some level of rigor or over the error checking this should be fuzzing if we
know the channel files those should be fuzzed to crap and tested as part of
the wiggle test and that didn't happen on the Microsoft side so in my opinion
and I'm curious on your take and you can say or you can just say past next
topic I really believe this scenario was enabled by Microsoft allowing for 20
years driver vendors to work around to easily work around the rigor that's been
put into the kernel to make it more stable so part of what you say I agree
with right in terms of an internally right everything that we've talked about
or that you've talked about is true the channel files though are deployed
through a pipeline not in our control right right and that goes back to yet
there's a trust element there right but but it would literally be by design
right now the question is of course whether or not that design should
change right there is because particularly in the security space right
so cross right job is to is to defend against hacker attacks which are
literally happening all over the world all of the time yes and yet I'll point
out that what they instigated was the worst-case scenario from any potential
hacker attack therefore invalidating the bulk of what they do oh for sure right
you you essentially have one of the world's largest security companies
literally successfully implementing a DDoS attack against all of its customer
base and wild world right the in right this goes we think about how we talked
about in the last episode around the AI apocalypse right it is something like
what just happened where the AI apocalypse will occur right as I said
last time the road to hell is paved on good intentions so I will say no right in
terms of our infrastructure and everything it was one hundred percent
crowd strike to blame now can Microsoft do something to prevent this from
happening in the future and we're a huge part of the solution right now
right where we're on calls with customers all the time we've gone through and
manually done the mitigations to to bring customer beings back online
hopefully your company is part of that now the question is okay do we need to do
we need to revisit this old policy and I'm gonna leave that one to two people
smarter than me in this space sure but I think about okay how do we how do we
strike a balance we don't we don't want to deploy these things through you know
a painful right they have I totally get it they have to go out very fast and I
think a lot of the and again I'm one voice who it really pissed me off the
most about crowd strike where the 10,000 people saying they knew exactly
what to do so I don't claim to know exactly what to do but having worked on
Windows I solved the problem like this there's a very rigorous driver safety
model I'll call it implemented by Microsoft and there are ways to work
around that that are well known by Microsoft and the vendors so I don't
think it's any secret to Microsoft that this particular driver read code
that it would run from a file what do we learn about data inputs we sanitize
and fuzz our freaking inputs so why from the Microsoft side why did they knew this
was going on so in their validation of the driver why did they not fuzz inputs
to check the error correction in that driver so and you don't you don't know
you don't have to ask all leave that rhetorical but it's a no but the
problem is is the driver runs in kernel mode right and so by definition because
the driver is is declared as safe right it's a different thing but maybe it
should be hey if you deploy files you don't deploy code right but even then
even if you have a config setting that says hey go access address is zero right
you're still gonna blow up no what I'm saying is if I'm the author of a
kernel mode driver in Windows and I again I don't know who should have done
this fuzzing and you know there there's a there's some I'll call it blame but some
some mention of the testing framework on the CrowdStrike side but who like the
error checking wasn't there you know you know you check if if this pointer
is null you you error out you don't do anything you don't read the file like
it might again I don't know all the details but in my driver code if I'm
gonna go read code to run from a file I'm gonna validate that it's a valid
pointer before I go execute that code so you may my question is that a crowd strike
to do it but should Microsoft's driver testing for that signed driver included
fuzzing for input files I'm gonna say probably right I would like to
understand more of the city I know we don't know all that all I'm saying is
Microsoft has allowed people to use these workarounds forever and in doing so
they had an obligation to attempt to make sure that they're not doing anything
incredibly stupid with that path now in the Nvidia case oh I guess I said who
it was in the in the video driver case where you're just executing different
code paths based on a registry setting that's actually even harder that
that's you can't there's no fuzz tests gonna go figure out okay you're
whatever here and that's probably why you know bulk of video drivers and then
moved into user mode and windows because it gives them a little bit more robustness
but they are set anyway I it brought back a lot of driver memory to spend
a chunk of my chunk of my life there and it made me think so you you brought
up the AI apocalypse and I don't know actually before we go on I had a segue
there which was going to be rough but thanks for listening actually this is
way better as a discussion than me attempting to sound like an actual
podcast or talking about it so but thanks for walking through disagreeing
and agreeing etc etc but anymore you know I said what I wanted to say on
this but anything else you want to add no no like I said like I am highly
confident that the windows team I this is I don't know right but I do know for
example Satya is on is on calls on a daily basis right we are absolutely part
of the solution if there is something that we can and should do that is that
will help to prevent this in the future I am highly confident we will do it I am
not at a place I'm nowhere near that organization so I'm not a place yeah no
no I told all the community like the thousands of other people on the
internet who think they have the exact solution all we can do is hypothesize I
do know right so one of our major mantras is within within manager is we are
built on trust so in some regards whether or not we had a part to play is
kind of irrelevant right we will have to take action yeah because we cannot have
like third-party systems taking out exactly exactly that yeah great it's
interesting like one one malicious individual hacks in the crowd strike but
would be learned oh they have the ability to take out the world neat that's
neat yeah that's neat that's neat yeah okay it gives you an idea of the extent
of what an actual good attack not prevented by counts crowd strike can do
it's just unfortunate that this was the company that did it and they'll recover
you know if you look at either her this on the pivot podcast which are
highly recommend their stock is down like 15% since the thing but still up 25%
for the year so it doesn't really it hasn't had a big monetary effect on
them it won't tell Microsoft either people are gonna still keep buying
windows we're gonna pay for our windows licenses running in the cloud
you're gonna make some dollars and you're gonna be rich so AI apocalypse
we talked about last time I I think I called the episode we're afraid of AI
now you can I can I add one thing I don't know that a lot of so I have my
intern left on Friday and he I mean was it was at the end of their rotation or
they just get fed up and leave it was little of both little fine okay go on
no no damn you out I actually so this particular case the the interns like
you're the best manager of the place so f you and the horse you wrote it on now
so we came in I normally work from home on Fridays but I came in because I
wasn't gonna miss my intern leaving and the conversation came in to quantum
computing because one of the things that he's working on he's pursuing a
PhD in cybersecurity and one of the things he's working on is a technology
where everything can prove whether or not the output came from that subsystem
like oh this application I can prove that this output came from that
application it smart thing and then one of my employees was like yeah but that's
all worthless once once we can commercialize quantum computing and I'm
like and I don't know if you know much about quantum computing but once it
comes out and once it's available broadly it's very well known that pretty
much all encryption is dead mm-hmm right and then I connected dots in that
meeting I'm like oh neat we got open AI trying to build AGI in 10 years and at
the same time quantum computing is progressing oh I wonder how how much
time it'll take before these two connect together and make sweet little skynet
not much time the end is near yeah I'm like oh yeah fine so you I'm gonna get to my
other topic in a minute here yeah maybe think of two things one is one of the cool
things and Microsoft should steal this by the way because this is actually one
of the best programs I don't know of existing anywhere else we have a
program at I work at a small media company called NBC Universal if you
haven't heard of it they do things like the Olympics yeah so we have a program
called the media tech program and you know at Microsoft we hired a lot out of
college and Unity did not I did some of the first college hiring done there
and I've hired a lot of new folks into brand new roles in NBC but we have
this really cool program called the media tech program which what it is is
we hire new grads and rather than put them on a team where they will live
forever you know the stories of Microsoft someone joins the office team
when they're 22 and 50 years later they leave the office team this media tech
program is a purposeful rotation when you're hired as a media tech you do
three eight-month rotations on three different teams and if you think back
to the beginning of your career it took us a long time to settle into something
like okay this is my niche and it gives these kids get off my lot I'm an old man
it gives these kids a great opportunity to kind of see what they like and you know
some have gone through gone through rotations and wanted to come back to our
team some help them find like somebody says I've done these things what else
can I look at it's a really cool way to kind of get your career started not
kind of it's a really cool way to get your career started and you should steal
that from Microsoft I think it's great that's one of the things they
Microsoft should have done this because Microsoft does so much college
level hiring and we try and we place people we when I was there we place
people best guess but why not do a forced rotation I think it's a really cool
program so that's the one thing based on your intern I wanted to mention but
you mentioned something else and I have a really hard time with this so there's
a story involved here actually there's been a couple times I'm not telling the
story very well but you mentioned your intern liked you and thank you for
being a great leader and like like I don't take compliments well as it is but
I just feel really awkward and weird when someone tells me oh you've been a
great manager Eric like we just read I just wrote a blog post about this you
probably have a chance to read it yet because I literally posted it like as
you were messaging me to say hey can we do a podcast now one of the things that
pisses me off about accelerate is there's a book here with all kinds of
great ideas and people focus on one chapter oh the four metrics we've got to
go measure these and we have a little book club at work and we talked about
the just finished the last three chapters of the main book which are
about employee engagement sustainability and leadership and management and there's
so much good information on there on how to make good organizations and
people focus on the damn metrics versus actually trying to build a good like this
is this is all from the same book it's all good information you can do both it
pisses me off but one of the one of my employees in the group you know they
got the chapter on leadership and I felt awkward because I was the leader there
and then they gave me praise and I don't know how do you deal with this as
a side note is it just me or does it make you feel like I don't know what to
say to this I'm wondering if it's an INTP thing so maybe maybe it's just an eye
thing like I like you know I I'm happy when you are engaged and get results but
please don't when you attribute it to me no matter how much I try and make the
the environment for you to be successful if you attribute it to me I feel really
weird I so I'm not gonna read what my intern said to me okay but I will read
my response I said thank you for the very kind words it's interesting your
perspective about me and it is not one I share of myself but I will definitely
strive to be the manager you see oh my god yeah yeah I usually say things I
say like usually a thanks this is really nice to say that's so much of the kind
of words and this is what I try to do but I'm not all I can't I can't just take
us it I we have a long way to go or I'm working on working on this a lot I'm
glad you recognize it or it's just weird but here's here's um I don't know if
anyone if anyone in our audience is considering or currently going through
either a master's or a PhD in psychology right I doubt any of that is the case but
to me like I have a strong hypothesis that the best people managers are one
with a measurable degree of self-esteem issues oh that must make me awesome
right no because I just think about maybe make it it would come down to like you
and I are awesome talk are always talking about how things could be made
better right but we haven't got into why do we share that right is it because
like in my case I see everything including me broken all the time and I
just want it fixed right I think it is a little different you know when I started
reading about and and we can go into this topic I care a lot about engagement
really came from me reading The Advantage by Pat Lincione when it first
came out his only book of fiction or nonfiction and based on a lot of his
studies where I started getting into more and more studies from Gallup and
others showing them the money what's massive correlation what would you call
is there a word for like their lockstep but between engagement and employee
engagement and delivery and quality and everything that goes well organizational
health is is just tied lockstep to the quality and velocity and delivery
sustainability and of what the team is delivering and that's why and I dug in
and then when I see like I just care about building good orgs and I realized
I think it was the same conversation but some they asked me like how did you end
up like maybe it was a different conversation I can't remember someone
asked me recently how I kind of ended up leading and managing the way I do
and it's a combination of things that I wasn't that same conversation things
that really pissed me off things I learned from horrible leaders I said I'm
gonna do the opposite and then a lot of kind of what you're at I have this I
read so much and try and get so many ideas from books and articles and try
and absorb these things and try and figure out how I can move things forward
in the best way because I don't trust myself to figure it out on my own I'm
not and you and I have both worked for leaders who assume they knew everything
and I assume I know nothing because that's probably closer to the truth I
love connecting what I'm doing to new ideas yeah so so part of it is is
right if I see a flaw I can go oh I read away the self this particular one
let me let me incorporate that in like it was something that I that you were
saying earlier on right there is a there are a lot of books literature is better
way of saying it that essentially will sum up with happy people are productive
people yeah and it's very strongly correlated from a quantitative point of
view yet that is science stuff can easily get involved here but as a as a
leader you know that happy your people are are doing the work you need them to
do the more productive right the one trade-off is the vibe I've only
encountered a couple times in my career where where right the person's not
productive because they're not happy because they don't they don't even want
to do the work that we have in it a very a very common example this one
just I was not able to get him to shift his mind the one I'm thinking of anyway
but PhDs when they come come to Microsoft like they still have an academic
point yeah and we make we make software here not research papers come on
exactly exactly and so so some of them they and I'll say like the like my last
intern he's again PhD pursuing his PhD in cybersecurity and and I said long story
short he knows today that if he can get a job in industry after he gets his PhD
that's what he's gonna do like he he is an industry guy not but he wants to do
things not just this not discovered things yeah I want to build on the on the
happy thing because it's yeah it's not just happy because there's this from Kim
Scott's work on radical candor if you just make someone happy and I've known
leaders like this are so afraid to disappoint people if you just make
someone happy just work on making them happy she calls it ruinous empathy
meaning they're not growing they're just happy they're doing whatever they don't
get feedback if they're not going well we can't do that and I think the
accountability kind of helps with that but engagement comes from three things
people want to know their manager cares about them by finding growth
opportunities you know and get you know getting to know them etc they want
to know why their works important they want to feel like the work matters in
which case they'll like doing the work if they don't understand why they're
doing what they're doing just to cog in the machine they're not engaged and
they need feedback whether it's continue or praise feedback or hey this is a
problem let's work on this together but it's it the studies show that it's so
freakin easy and even accelerate talked about the same things in different words
people want to know why their works important they want to have a
connection with their manager and they want feedback they give them those three
things and they're going to be happy and they're gonna get work done and
you're gonna there's of course other things in connecting the org with trust
and psychological safety that will create that organization that can be
highly effective and healthy but it's not rocket surgery not much to do there so
anyway yeah we're similar that's so I do want an interesting list I it's it's
that's from Gallup it's it's it's real-world stuff hey one last topic
here oh my god the hour is already up and I want to get your feedback and I
would like the feedback of the three on this you can go to modern testing org and
click on the link and you will join our slack group where you can engage with
Brent or I or the much smarter people who hang out in our slack group about a
thousand people they're very self-sustaining a lot of folks give
better answers on a lot of questions and Brent or I can which is great because
neither one of us have been in testing gay today for a while if you have
questions about that but anything it's great way to engage people send me DMS
there all the time anyway last time we had the apocalypse and I got of course
like two different emails from people you don't get these I don't think I
can't remember if I set up a be testing at angry we's calm to go to you as well
or not I don't think I did but I get one to two I should say I would say one to
three requests a week of people saying for various reasons whether it's around
AI or around the real a be testing not our podcast or around whatever I get so
many requests for people to be a guest on our podcast and we don't do guests very
often and I am actually looking for more diverse guests and the generic white
dudes they send me so I ignore them or tell them not to I'm wondering though I'm
wondering and I just like the guests I want ideally have at least listen yeah I
want yes I don't want to come on the podcast just to be able to advertise
right and I and I don't want that and I don't I want people for our podcast that
can you know they've listened to the podcast maybe a different view than we do
I don't want someone to come on and nod their head I want them to talk about a
topic that's adjacent to what we're talking about that that we've talked
about that maybe is new and interesting those sorts of guest things that will
bring value to our listeners as the as the as the kids say on YouTube like I'm
open to like a collab yeah but not yeah but I'm half wondering because I get so
many and maybe this is a retirement job for me somewhere along down the line but
I could make a whole other podcast just me interviewing these randos on the
internet I'll shove some advertising in those and make some cash I don't think
I'm actually gonna do that but I wonder if actually I don't I'm not definitely not
going to do that short term but I do think like maybe that's you know maybe
maybe I could just do an a rando interview podcast I think it would be a
dead-end but I also listen to so many other podcasts that do poor interviews I
wonder if we if I tried I could actually do a good one if I had a set of questions
like the three a b test three for three by the way if you're a listener of the
podcast and you want to be on a podcast and hang out with me for like 30 minutes
tops and answer three questions about I think I think I had to set three
questions been so long I forgot them but just contact me on the slack group
or email me or or whatever I would I would love to do more of those things
a great way to get other voices out there quickly it's a really a 30-minute
commitment goes on the same feed people could hear him they could skip him if
they want to but I actually want to do more of those but have you have you do
you spend much time on YouTube have you seen hot ones I haven't seen hot ones but
I did watch Joshua I'm halfway through watching Josh Wiseman's hundred ways
cook an egg that he posted today oh I haven't seen that yeah I just came out
but anyway I do spend time on YouTube yeah all right hot ones essentially the
guy's stick is they have he has five oh this is the wings guy who interviews
people while he's torturing them with hot sauce I would love to be on that
show I'm not interesting enough to be a guest but I love hot things I do as well
however I'm wondering why don't you take 343 to YouTube oh oh that's a way
better idea than kicking off a rando a rando yeah we interview series yeah so
even better you can choose you don't want to be on YouTube you don't have to
you but yeah let's do a video interview on YouTube and just the questions you'll
know in advance not gonna try and bamboozle you and I don't have to talk
much people listen to my stupid voice if you want to get your opinion out
there and have a couple questions let's do 343 let's put them on YouTube this
time in fact if you already done one and like Danny thought just posted a
blog post about how it's been four years since his and what's changed what's the
same etc you know if you've been on one before you want to redo it let's do that
I don't sell stuff sell yourself you can sell yourself you can't sell your
stuff I'll ask a question about what you're doing I could redo people we can
do like we could have like a channel ooh okay thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts
yeah I'm into it again let us know what you think if you're interested I will
want to get I don't want to do one so it'd be good to get a couple people
interested if we're gonna do that again but yeah cool all right we we we gotta
get Alan to do this and then we got to get him to a million subscribers okay I
be I'd be good with ten so we get each of the three and then each of the three
gets you know what is it do the math right yeah yeah
a free gift something something yeah we should do that all right um I think
that's it for my topics for today anything else you want to add before we
close it out no this is fun all right Brad thanks for hanging out with me thanks
all you three for listening and we'll do this again soon